Deprecate Go extraction reconciliation feature flag and `CODEQL_EXTRACTOR_GO_BUILD_TRACING` for custom builds (#1322)
github/codeql-action: CHANGELOG.md

## [UNRELEASED]

> - We have completed rollout of the feature described in [CodeQL Action version 2.1.27](#2127---06-oct-2022): the way Go code is extracted for analysis is now consistent with that of other compiled languages such as C/C++, C#, and Java. The `CODEQL_EXTRACTOR_GO_BUILD_TRACING` environment variable, which was previously used to manually enable this behavior, is now deprecated; if your code scanning workflow uses this environment variable, we recommend that you remove it. Otherwise, you do not need to alter your code scanning workflows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Go is now analyzed in the same way as other compiled languages such as C/C++, C#, and Java. This completes the rollout of the feature described in [CodeQL Action version 2.1.27](#2127---06-oct-2022). As a result, the `CODEQL_EXTRACTOR_GO_BUILD_TRACING` environment variable, which was previously used to manually enable this behavior, is now deprecated. If your code scanning workflow uses this environment variable, we recommend that you remove it. Otherwise, you do not need to alter your code scanning workflows.
```

## [UNRELEASED]

- Go is now analyzed in the same way as other compiled languages such as C/C++, C#, and Java. This completes the rollout of the feature described in [CodeQL Action version 2.1.27](#2127---06-oct-2022).

> - Update the ML-powered additional query pack for JavaScript to version 0.4.0.
> - Go is now analyzed in the same way as other compiled languages such as C/C++, C#, and Java. This completes the rollout of the feature described in [CodeQL Action version 2.1.27](#2127---06-oct-2022). As a result, the `CODEQL_EXTRACTOR_GO_BUILD_TRACING` environment variable, which was previously used to manually enable this behavior, is now deprecated. If your code scanning workflow uses this environment variable, we recommend that you remove it. Otherwise, you do not need to alter your code scanning workflows.
> No user facing changes.

Reviewer: These items went into 2.1.32

```suggestion
```

Author: Oh, hm, I could have sworn that I fixed this in a merge conflict. Thank you for catching!

## 2.1.29 - 26 Oct 2022

> - We have completed rollout of the feature described in [CodeQL Action version 2.1.27](#2127---06-oct-2022): the way Go code is extracted for analysis is now consistent with that of other compiled languages such as C/C++, C#, and Java. The `CODEQL_EXTRACTOR_GO_BUILD_TRACING` environment variable, which was previously used to manually enable this behavior, is now deprecated; if your code scanning workflow uses this environment variable, we recommend that you remove it. Otherwise, you do not need to alter your code scanning workflows.

Reviewer: I think this was accidentally duplicated.

```suggestion
```

Author: Thanks!
